>> Bianca Gandolfo: And then let's
skip ahead and talk about the find and
search operation and
we'll do it together all at once.
So, this a binary search tree, right?
So, we need to be able to find/search for
the thing that we are looking for right?
So we are trying to detect if
something is in collection.
And we are gonna need to traverse
the tree to find that value, right?
So, with no numbers here, we can know
that we will take our value and we will
compare it to this node and we'll say,
is this value less than or greater than?
If the value is greater than,
we go to the right.
We compare it to this node now,
if the value is less than or greater than.
If it's less than, for example,
we would go to the left.
And this has no children.
So if this isn't it,
then it doesn't exist on this tree.
Does that make sense?
Cool.
So let's say that we are looking for
15, let's look for 15.
So we'll start at eight,
greater than or less than.
>> Speaker 2: Greater.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Greater,
everyone knows that, right?
Greater, we know, compare,
less than or greater than?
>> Speaker 2: Greater.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Greater.
Less than or greater than?
>> Speaker 2: Greater.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Greater.
Is there a 15 there?
No.
So, this does not contain our value,
yeah pretty straight forward, all right.
So let’s take some of our
last moments together,
15 minutes,
to take a stab at our binary search tree.
I know it's been a long day.
Well, let's just take a stab at it.
It's easier than the graph.
So I think it's a nice thing.
We'll end on top,
we'll have completed something.